Clarify interactions between `maxTotalHits` and `offset` (#1798)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/advanced/known_limitations.md

**Limitation:** By default, Meilisearch returns up to 1000 documents per search.

> **Explanation:** Meilisearch limits the maximum amount of returned search results to protect your database from malicious scraping. You may change this by using the `maxTotalHits` property of the [pagination index settings](/reference/api/pagination.md#maxtotalhits).  While the `limit` search parameter restricts the number of results returned in a single request, `maxTotalHits` restricts the total number of search results. This means a search query with an `offset` greater than the index's `maxTotalHits` returns an empty array. Note that this index setting only applies to the [search route](/reference/api/search.md) and has no effect on the [get documents endpoint](/reference/api/documents.md#get-documents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Explanation:** Meilisearch limits the total number of returned search results to protect your database from malicious scraping. There is no way to access search results past this limit, but you _can_ change it using the `maxTotalHits` property of the [pagination index settings](/reference/api/pagination.md#maxtotalhits).
```
